#summary Using ContactSwap

This document is also available as a PDF in the SVN.
= Installation for testing =
1.) Load the project into Eclipse (I am using the latest version, Gallileo 20090920-1017):
2.) Right click on the project and go to Properties. Under the Android tab make sure that the Project Build Target is Android 1.6. If it is not there go to Window > Android SDK and AVD Manager and install it from there:
3.) Once Android 1.6 is selected it may take a minute or two for all the red squiggly lines to go away:
4.) Go to Window > Android SDK and AVD Manager. Create two AVDs, each targeted to Android 1.6 and with SD cards set up. (The SD cards can be any size; I have it set to 50 MB):
5.) Right click on the project and run as an Android application. Select the first AVD and click Run (NOT Start).:
6.) Wait for the AVD to finish loading.:
7.) Repeat steps 5 and 6 for the second AVD.:
The first AVD will be set up as 5554, the second as 5556.:

= Adding friends =
In order to interact with the program, you will need to link both phones as friends. To add a phone as a friend::
1.) On phone 5554, click on “Manage Friends”.:
2.) Type in 5556, then click Add.:
3.) A popup will show up on 5556 asking if you want to add 5554 as a friend. Click Yes or No.:
4.) You will need to restart the program on both phones for the friends to register. Click Quit, then click on the Contact Swap icon either on the main screen or the application menu.:

= To exchange contacts with a friend =
1.) Make sure there is a contact on the device.:
2.) Click on “Send Contacts”.:
3.) Click on a contact, then click on a friend number to trade the contact. Confirm by clicking OK.:
4.) On the other phone, click on “Received Contacts”.:
5.) Click on a name, then click on the phone number. Confirm by clicking OK. This will add the phone number to the device.:

= To search for a friend =
1.) Make sure there is another contact on the device.:
2.) On the other phone, click on “Search”.:
3.) Type in the name of the contact, then click “Search” again.:
4.) Click “Return to Search Results”.:
5.) Once the name and phone have been received, click on the name in the list to see the resulting phone number.:
6.) Click the number to add it to the contact list. Confirm by clicking OK. :